Create an array of integers and print the first and last elements.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns the sum of all elements.
Create an array of strings and print the length of each string.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns the maximum value.
Create an array of booleans and print the number of true values.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns a new array with only the even numbers.
Create an array of doubles and print the average of all elements.
Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array with all strings in uppercase.
Create an array of integers and print the second largest value.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns the number of unique values.
Create an array of strings and print the longest string.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns a new array with the elements in reverse order.
Create an array of booleans and print the index of the first true value.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns the median value.
Create an array of strings and print the number of elements that start with a vowel.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns a new array with the elements sorted in ascending order.
Create an array of doubles and print the sum of the squares of all elements.
Write a function that takes an array of strings and returns a new array with the strings sorted in alphabetical order.
Create an array of integers and print the number of elements that are divisible by 3.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns a new array with the elements shifted one position to the left (the first element becomes the last element).
Create an array of booleans and print the number of false values.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns a new array with the elements shifted one position to the right (the last element becomes the first element).
Create an array of strings and print the number of elements that contain the letter 'a'.
Write a function that takes an array of integers and returns a new array with the elements sorted in descending order.
Create an array of doubles and print the product of all elements.